a beautiful and healthy lawn that will
of course everyone but there is
work in because you have to mow grass correctly
to keep it nicely closed and closed
but what are you paying attention to now
purchase of a lawn mower
Firstly you must do it from
just what kind of garden do you have one
small garden are stamp
then you can probably go with the
ordinary push maya
garden how big it and a lot
much smarter to have a bigger one too
machine mower to choose in addition
you have to take a good look at yourself
go you how much time I actually like
spend on mowing the grass and finally
the bigger the garden
the greater the cutting width must be
let's take a closer look at some mowers
take
this is the smallest 41 centimeters
cutting width with them really do the name
says it all you'll always have
keep pushing
it is extremely agile and also
very good to pay a larger one
is this one that has 47 centimeters
cutting width
they are all in height anyway
adjustable
and this is a real loop but here it is
a smart drive
So you put the machine into operation you
press on these voting flippers
and will drive automatically so difference
between a blue day
and then runs but it still has one
extra function
this green button that can adjust
of the grass clippings in the bag
or
step by step to it
grass clippings mulching and that means that
the grass myzone remains under this container
and becomes so nice every time
fragmented that between the blade of grass
arie invades and serves there as
fertilizer for new grass and for the
largest gardens have something whole
otherwise this is crazy and it is
not only useful but it is also
very nice toys to
most important of this machine depends on
the bottom
this container is in synchronization therein
no the knives and that it implies in that
they overlap
which means that you will never again after mowing
stray exactly of pieces that are not
are made so he just makes 100%
in addition, he has that flow and that
means he has a whole shoe
sucking effect not only has it
cuttings are sucked up
but also leaf, for example, what about it
grass is just taken away
in addition, the maintenance of such a container
very important to stay clean
there is a connection nipple here then put
your garden hose on this
knife set into operation and it flushes
clean itself
in addition, the well-known green button the
so-called fresh extension and with that you can
you choose the time I want the clippings
receive or mulch